Nian Nian dare not I dare
Brother, you are finally back.
I've been bullied to death by this little bitch
Zhou Tingting, he is your sister-in-law
Pay attention to your attitude when you speak
Brother, why are you also towards this bitch?
Zhou Tingting immediately apologized to your sister-in-law
Otherwise, you will never come back to the Zhou family.
Apologize, Tingting.
It's really your fault this time
Sorry, what did you say?
The wind was too strong for me to hear clearly
Miss you, don't be complacent
I told you that the royal sister will be back soon
When the time comes for you to be kicked out of the house
I see where else you can go
Brother, don't be angry.
Go back and I'll persuade you
Are you all family?
Noisy is normal
Don't take it to heart.
Mom, are you mad?
It's my fault for letting my aunt take the village
Mom is really angry
But I'm not angry that my aunt took the passbook
I'm angry at what your angry mother said
Don't go head-to-head with adults
Protect yourself, do you know?
Mom, I see.
Not next time
The meal is ready, go call your brothers and sisters for dinner
OK
Nian Nian Thank You
Thank me for what?
Thank you for pissing off your sister
Thank you for protecting your three children
I am fortunate to have met you in my life